And the first thing that we need to do is we need to do our set up so here you can see that I'm sitting
in my desktop and I'm going to just create a folder all here and I'm going to say this is going to be
Agency and I'm using the brackets texter.
So the only thing that I'm going to do is I'm just going to drag on here as well.
Right.
Right away I'm going to create a new file and I'm going to say this is going to be index page.
Once I have the engine now here I'm just going to create a live preview so we can see it better.
And I'm just going to put them side by side right.
So now I have a live preview and I have my index HDMI right there and another new file right away can
create is going to be made.
That's probably going to be doing all styling right.
And obviously you're here we need a ha mascot right.
So I'm just going to be using brackets extensions.
But you can actually write it or get it yourself or something like that.
Right.
So I'm just going to go with the basic one right with a basic metal tags.
Or you could just put it in language is going to be English.
Right.
But really just going to say this is going to be title web agency.
And you can see that I messed up that I'm actually creating this in mainsheet SS So I apologize for
that and was purely on me.
Right.
So I can just cut this one out and go back to the next page where we shouldn't be creating this.
Right now we have the index page to himself and with the title of web agency right.
And then we write a need in our head tag right.
We need a few things right.
First it's going to be a Google fonts of.
Then we're going to have a font awesome right.
This is what we are also going to need.
Font are some more here and then it's going to be our mainsheet assess.
So again our comment I'm going to say main CSSA right.
I going to just start with this one which is going to create a link to Mencius us right now that we're
connected.
We can actually go head into Google tactual web browser and get our Google fonts right.
So we're going to go back on here.
It's going to maximize this one and you can see the first thing that Google finds right.
So we obviously can google it or I mean just type right when Google fonts and we go here.
And for those of you who don't know.
Right.
So this is you can pick all of the phones whatever you like and or here you can see that you can have
a different preferences right.
You have more specific right you can have a bigger thickness font or something like that.
Right.
So over here I'm just going to be using right away rebottle because that's my favorite one.
So here are just a plus.
And then I see what I would need to do.
Right.
Or hear what they say is get this link here like this and then obviously this is what we would need
a font family right.
So we're going to go back to our document.
And I'm just going to paste this and if we say this in this age I'll know here.
I'm just going to say for the body we're going to create it.
All right.
And copy capitis font family right.
Are you doing this.
To say copy.
Post it here and once we're done with this and once we're done with Google phones the next one wouldn't
be fun to us.
It can cause this guy over here and over here you can see right away that they're offering us to download.
Right.
And we're actually going to do that right.
Just get it out of the way and they are offering you some extra things.
But Buddhisms say we don't want that.
You know things just don't want to have some on here and you can see that for getting started right.
And icons.
So obviously we're going to be checking out the icons once we're working.
Right.
But if you want on your own you can go and see or hear where the My Cancer is going to look and getting
started.
What we would need to do right.
So if we're downloading right.
We think they're asking for here is the path.
And over here they're saying if we're using SAS or less right now we're going to be downloading So what
do we need to show is the actual path to form.
Mincey.
Right.
So if we go back and I'm just going to go to my downloads and this is going to be my phantasm my soul
is going to open why we're here.
And that I just need to get this folder all the way over here.
So I'm going to get it over here.
And once it's over here then I can go back to my document or here in the page.
And for the phantasm I'm just saying this is going to be a link.
Right.
And once I'll have a link I'm just going to say this is going to be fun and then I'm going to see assess
and then I want a.
Awesome.
SS Right.
And just to test it out and go ahead and let's create a phantasm Mike and I'm going to say for all.
Let's make it like five times bigger.
Right.
So press tab and you can see that now we have our phone on right.
So everything is working.
So we can just delete this guy right now or here and if we go back and see what else we need to do.
Right.
So we're here I'm just going to get this right and or here you can see that of course right.
So if you're struggling with coddlers like I am why this is a very good site this loss that CEO on here
and what we can do is just press over here and we can start generating the colors right.
So you can see that it's going to maybe take a little bit right.
But once we press spacebar print or we can see that we have the options right for the college.
And I really strongly suggest this for anybody who is really struggling to pick colors right because
this is a really good option and obviously just write down the colors what you want get them to your
document and you can start working right.
And this is a really nice choice here.
If you want you can like this color and you can see the rest of them are changing.
So this is a very very good place to find your colors.
Now after not one we would want is a images right now in the beginning of the next video you're obviously
going to see what kind of images I have.
But there's three sides that I couldn't suggest more which is pixels.
Right then we have a splash and over here we have gladdest right.
So again all of them are good.
All of them high high quality Hunger-Free images right.
So just go ahead download whatever you like for your project.
Right.
And let's start cracking and next video I'm going to show you the specific set of the.